All federal ministries and the Chancellery have written this course book for digital policy together, coordinated by the Federal Ministry of Digital and Transport (BMDV). The Digital Strategy describes concrete projects with tangible and measurable goals. It also contains mandatory to-do lists for all policy areas and is thus a self-commitment of politics.
 
**DOWNLOAD ––– [https://kneedacexbrew.blogspot.com/?d=2A0Oaq](https://kneedacexbrew.blogspot.com/?d=2A0Oaq)**


 
This extensive collaborative effort involved not only BPS but also five other key ministries: the Ministry of National Development Planning/Bappenas, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Home Affairs, the Ministry of Villages, Development of Disadvantaged Regions, and Transmigration, and the Ministry of Communication and Informatics. This joint endeavor highlights the significance of the Regsosek data collection for Indonesia and its potential to bring about positive change for Indonesians.
 
We invite you to engage in a meaningful discussion with the Deputy Minister for Population and Manpower at the Ministry of National Development Planning/Bappenas to explore the potential benefits of the Regsosek data collection for Indonesia. Join us for this enlightening conversation on Obrolan K, Obrolan Penuh Makna!

High school is a time of tough, moral choices, EXIT Tour partners with the local church and goes into schools with an American or Slovak or British rock band and national speakers to help teens learn how to avoid life-threatening mistakes and habits, with an evangelistic concert at the end of the week.
 
Invest in the largest Eastern European youth conference that invites over 600 Slovak youth leaders and their teams to come together to be challenged, inspired, and motivated to give themselves to the work towards reaching the Slovak youth for Christ.
 
Nothing is better than to see how students hear and accept the gospel and then observe how the local youth group leads them to grow in a relationship with Jesus which then do the same with their friends and close people. Using conversational English as the connection point, English Camps help unbelievers connect to the local church. Along with facilitating these camps, the Camps team also trains and develops young Slovak leaders to serve as interns in these camps and in their local churches back home. Your donation will help to support our Slovak interns, send Slovak students to camp, and support national leaders.
 
Our training center in Slovakia has been in operation for over 20 years now. As the ministry has grown significantly and also in reaction to COVID we would like to repurpose parts of our current building. By moving walls, we can double the capacity of the current caf/training room and thus provide a mid-size meeting room to cater to 50+ person training events of our evangelistic and leadership training ministries. We will also equip a kitchen space that would provide low-cost meal options for the events. In addition to this, we will renovate existing rooms into a recording studio. This will accelerate online content production of training materials that will help us create tailored curriculum offerings to churches and youth groups.
 
National internship is a key a part of our mission of equipping young leaders. It provides a great opportunity for leaders from local churches to see the movement of God on a national level, to disciple teenagers from different regions, and to use their gifts and skills for His Kingdom. Every year we invite several youth leaders from Slovakia to join our ministry for a period of several months. We would like to ask you to partner with us in this initiative and be a part of God's movement among the youth in Slovakia.
 
Edge is using sports like European football to help evangelize and disciple the youth of the city while connecting them with their local church community. We see our team practices, tournaments, and camps not only as a way to provide young people with a fun outlet for their athletic energy and interest, but also as an intentional tool to equip these athletes with the hope of the gospel that we believe changes everything, both inside the gym and out. We invite you to become part of this ministry through financial support. This way we can help and equip the local churches to start this ministry.
 
Equipping young leaders to serve in their local churches and communities through training conferences which provide practical tools, training, inspiration, and fellowship for young leaders from Serbia.
 
**Project duration: 2011-2014, FKZ 3711 41 102
**This project aims at a better understanding of the adaptive capacity of Germany and develops some ideas of a climate resilient society. In line with transformation paths towards a low greenhouse gas society, the project intended to design future scenarios and ways leading to a society that is adapted to climate change. In the project, approaches and criteria for the evaluation of a climate resilient society were developed and described exemplarily for the construction and housing sector. On this basis, recommendations for the further development of the German climate adaptation policy were provided showing how the federal policy can strengthen the adaptive capacity and support the way to a climate resilient society.
 
The aim of the project was to assess and further develop criteria, methods and tools for integrated risk and vulnerability assessment to provide decision support on adaptation to climate change. This approach has been tested first on the energy-water-biomass nexus ((s. FKZ 370941123, Methode einer integrierten und erweiterten Vulnerabilittsbewertung). In this follow-up project the methodological approach was transferred to two different subsystems of society: foreign trade and social cohesion/social inequality. Afterwards, a common analysis was performed across all three modules based on a qualitative synthesis model. Overall, the study shows how diverse risks can be mutually reinforcing.
 
A cross-sectoral and consistent vulnerability assessment was compiled for Germany for the further development of the German Adaptation Strategy and the Progress Report 2015 so as to assess potential future climate impacts and identify adaptation needs. Thus, the project provided important foundations for the adaptation planning at the federal level for all concerned ministries. Therefore, a Vulnerability Network was established at the level of higher federal authorities, supported by a scientific consortium. The report names sectoral as well as cross-sectoral and spatial hot spots of climate change in Germany. Also the newly developed methodology is documented.
 
Climate resilience of infrastructures is an important topic for the German Adaptation Strategy because of the high vulnerability of infrastructures to climatic extreme events, their central functions for the supply of economy and society as well as their long planning periods and life times. The project shall investigate how infrastructures are connected today and which weak spots exists. It shall also develop scenarios for future infrastructures considering climate, societal and technological change as well as a vision of future climate resilient and sustainable infrastructures.
 
P**roject duration: 2016-2020, FKZ 3716 48 1020**
The Fifth Assessment Report of the IPCC shows that climate change will intensify global risks, such as poverty, pollution and species extinction and therefore also endanger economic development. According to the IPCC, increasing climate change will jeopardize the development opportunities of many countries and exacerbate social inequalities.
Due to increasingly intensive international trade between the world regions, climate change impacts abroad will also gain in importance for the national economy. Germany is heavily dependent on international exchanges, but these so called indirect consequences of global climate change for Germany have so far scarcely been systematically analyzed. The national process of the German Adaptation Strategy to Climate Change (DAS) shows a gap in this respect.
The intention of this project is to fill this gap. The project aims at identifying, systematizing and evaluating the central international impact chains with regard to their relevance for Germany. It mainly focuses on the indirect effects of climate change on foreign trade in central economic areas in Germany and on the fields of action of the DAS. Furthermore possible options for action are compiled and advices for policy makers will be prepared.
 
**Project duration: 2011-2014, FKZ 3711 41 105
**In the context of climate change adaptation, awareness, information and the promotion of exchanges and networking between different stakeholders from economy, society, politics, administration, academia and NGOs play an important role. On the one hand, the topic-specific stakeholder dialogues and conferences provided stakeholders who are responsible for the implementation of adaptation measures with action-relevant knowledge. On the other hand, the project promoted the further development of the German Adaptation Strategy through the collection of experience gained at the federal level and an analysis of various dialogue processes.
 
**Project duration: 2016-2019, FKZ 3716 48 1030**
The project aims at developing an evaluation tool for public participation in climate change adaptation. The project will test the evaluation tool in three participatory formats in local communities in Germany that work towards the development of adpative measures to heavy rainfall. Stakheolder participation is targeted at citizens, interest groups and other local stakeholders. The project seeks to motivate stakeholders to take preventive actions. The project is particularly interested in whether the degree to which stakeholders can participate in local decision-making has an impact on their motivation to tak