
 
Learning media is a teacher's need to facilitate students' understanding of learning concepts. Learning with wordwall media is very helpful for students when mastering material in learning. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of Wordwall application on student interest and motivation in learning. The method used in this research is to use qualitative research methods. This activity is aimed at fourth grade students with a total of 20 students. This study shows the results that there is a significant change in student attitudes after using wordwall media-assisted learning. These changes can be seen from the results of student learning and the results of observation evaluations which can be seen using several indicators, including: (a) Active student activities when participating in learning activities as evidenced by filling out attendance, (b) Students are very active when given assignments on time, (c) Ask about material that is not understood. The situation is very different from learning activities as usual, when the teacher tells students to read or when the teacher tells children to record material in the topic book. This study can be concluded that the use of wordwall learning media in IPAS subjects in class IV can increase students' interest and motivation to learn.
 
**Download ---> [https://kneedacexbrew.blogspot.com/?d=2A0P0N](https://kneedacexbrew.blogspot.com/?d=2A0P0N)**


 
Established on the description above, the comparison between mathematics learning that occurs now in schools and the expected mathematics learning in the future lies in the media and learning models. Media and learning models have an influential effect on student knowledge. The subject of this problem is that it is necessary to choose an appropriate learning model assisted by using interesting learning media. The appropriate learning model to overcome HOTS problems in mathematics learning is the PBL model. The PBl model is a constructivist knowledge model that requires students to play an active role in understanding information, developing reasoning, developing higher skills, increasing self-confidence, developing insight and providing ideas, and being more effective (Wandari & Fardillah, 2021). Some of the characteristics of PBL are as follow: First, student-paced learning. Second, learning in small groups, where learning is not only carried out individually but can be done in groups and discussing with each other. Third, the teacher serves as a facilitator or principal; fourth, PBL problem-based learning; finally, students develop and present the results of their work (Markula & Aksela, 2022).
 
Meanwhile, the learning media that is suitable for the PBL learning model is Wordwall. This word wall media is in the form of a gaming platform that can be played online, so this media is not only used at school, but students can also access it at home. This media can be an exciting and fun learning tool for students, so it can make learning more interesting and help students concentrate and pay attention to learning well (Fakhruddin*et al*., 2021; Jannah & Syafryadin, 2022). Apart from that, this application is suitable for designing and reviewing learning assessments because it has assessment tools in the state of considerable selection questions (*quiz*), matching the correct answer (*find the match*), closed questions, and anagrams (Bilova, 2023).
 
What differentiates the research that has been carried out previously from the research that the researchers will carry out lies in the use of learning media. Researchers use wordwall media. There has already been research related to wordwall media, namely research conducted by Elhefni*et al*. (2023) and Asri*et al*. (2024). Variables related to several Wordwall media research include learning outcomes, learning motivation, and increasing student vocabulary. However, Wordwall media is very varied, which can help teachers create interesting content. Wordwall media related to critical thinking skills and problem-solving abilities, as well as those related to the PBL model, have not yet been implemented.
 
This type of research is descriptive qualitative research. The data described is data regarding the application of the Wordwall-assisted PBL model to critical thinking abilities and problem-solving abilities.

The Participants in this research were 31 students consisting of 22 male students and 9 female students. This research was implemented at SMP Muhammadiyah 2 Batu class VIII offline (face-to-face). This research was carried out in the odd semester of the 2023/2024 academic year.
 
The research instruments used for data collection are three different questionnaires and a test instrument. The first questionnaire is a media validation questionnaire. There are 10 statements given to media experts to test the media that has been created. The second questionnaire, namely the material expert validation questionnaire. There are 9 statements given to material experts to test the material and test questions that have been created. The third questionnaire is a questionnaire regarding the application of media to students. The questionnaire will be given to students directly (offline) with 10 statements.
 
The percentage results of student response data collection from the media validation questionnaire were categorized using a 4-point Likert scale. The 4-point Likert scale ranges into four categories. This can be seen in Table I.
 
This stage is the initial stage. At this stage, the researcher will conduct a location survey to determine which school will be used as a research site. The researcher determined SMP Muhammadiyah 2 Batu City as the research site, with the subjects being class VIII junior high school students. Researchers also held discussions with mathematics subject teachers regarding HOTS question material in class VIII learning. At this stage, the researcher also prepares research instruments. The instruments in this research are questionnaires and tests. The first questionnaire was a media validation questionnaire. There are 10 statements given to media experts to test the media that has been created. The second questionnaire, namely the material expert validation questionnaire. There are 9 statements given to material experts to test the material that has been created. The third questionnaire is a questionnaire about student responses to the media that has been implemented. The test being tested is the HOTS question in the form of an essay question, which consists of 1 question on critical thinking skills and mathematical problem-solving skills.
 
Carrying out research is the core activity. The research was carried out 2 times, namely on the first day, testing the PBL model and media on students, and on the second day, administering HOTS test questions and questionnaires on student responses to learning media. After students take the HOTS question test, students will fill out a questionnaire about learning media. The data obtained were the results of a questionnaire regarding the use of learning media and HOTS test questions, which were then analyzed.
 
HOTS test questions with SPLDV discussion are given after students have applied the PBL model assisted by Wordwall media. The critical thinking abilities of Muhammdiyah 2 Batu Middle School students are classified as critical. The average percentage obtained for the student score category was 82.45 (Critical) and resulted in the categories presented in Table IV.
 
HOTS test questions with SPLDV discussion are given after students have applied the PBL model assisted by Wordwall media. By implementing the PBL model and Wordwall media, the problem-solving abilities of Muhammdiyah 2 Batu Middle School students are relatively high. The average percentage for the student score category was 80.98 (High), which resulted in the categories presented in Table V.
 
Students who fall into the category of high problem-solving ability have a score of 100. Based on Fig. 2, in indicator 1 the student gets a score of 3; namely, the student shows a clear understanding of the context of the problem accurately and completely. In indicator 2 the student gets a score of 3. Namely, the student can consider new strategies. The strategy used is clear and precise, namely using the elimination and substitution method. In indicator 3, the student gets a score of 3, suggesting that the student states the solution or problem-solving steps, the solution taken is correct, and the calculations carried out are correct. In indicator 4, the student gets a score of 3. The student can apply the context of the problem when considering the solution, and the student can reflect on solutions so that the conclusions made are based on the context of the problem given by the teacher. So, it can be concluded that ANS students understand the questions well.
 
The results of data analysis regarding the use of Wordwall learning media for 31 female students produced an average of 3.02, which is in the strongly agree category. This aligns with research conducted by Asri*et al*. (2024). It can be seen that students like Wordwall as a learning medium. This research was carried out at SMA 10 Semarang with subjects in class XI, with English as the subject. Most students enjoy using this online game as their learning medium. Wordwall media can increase student learning motivation, build student interest in learning media, and make the use of media easy to understand.
 
European Journal of Education and Pedagogy (EJ-EDU) is a peer-reviewed international journal publishes bimonthly full-length state-of-the-art research papers, reviews, case studies related to all areas of Education and Pedagogy.
 
The purpose of this study was (1) to determine the development of a wordwall game platform on the reaction rate material, (2) to determine the feasibility of a gameification-based wordwall game platform from the results of validator 